What if you are the Supreme Valkyrie of the Martial God Temple?
You bring the Glazed Seven Saints to bless the feast of the day until now
Only by verifying assets
eligible
To be qualified to stand here
Sixth Group Liao Hongwei is worth 70 million
Fuji Group Bohai is worth 100 million million US dollars
Luc Group is worth 200 million
Owns multiple luxury cars and yachts
My Ma Group is not here.
Almost 2 billion of local assets
And there is a private hospital in the name
Airport Luxury Hotel
If you are unwilling, you will have no ministers
Tell me, how much money do you have?
How many stocks?
How much real estate do you have?
Our five sessions have always been self-conscious with poverty and few desires
Naturally, financial resources cannot be compared with your talents.
You are deliberately making things difficult for people.
Kitchen, may I ask you?
Is my asset above yours?
You are qualified to stay here
Above me
Stop talking about this fool
You are a fool
A common man
Even more blind
Get out of here now
Why don't you spend a little money?
Buy his pentagram
Let him be a cow and a horse for me
Observed a good start
Hahaha laugh
Just laugh or else
You won't be able to laugh in a while
Cut the crap
Mr. Ding Chen, where are your assets?
Take it out and show it to us.
Aren't you standing on top of my assets now?
You have these eyes
What a waste.
What!
Eyes can only yell